README.md, before:

# ARVI
A simple single cycle RISC-V implementation in Verilog.

## Project now
The project is a single-cycle processor implementing RV32I[M][A] instruction set and a instruction cache. It also supports RISC-V's machine mode. The project also has a dual core mode (RV32A is necessary). Check rtl/arvi_defines.vh to see all different parameters ARVI use.

The project contains a Performance Profiler to profile each program execution and retrieve informations like how many instructions were issued, cache hits, and misses.

#### Features

1. Single Cycle RV32I[M][A].
2. Instruction cache.
3. Machine mode privilege level support.
4. Performance Profiler.

## Next steps
1. Build pipeline.
2. Implement a bus like Wishbone or AXI to communicate with other devices. At the moment only a simple bus is used.
3. Create FPGA Package.

## Project dependencies
1. verilator
2. riscv-fesvr
3. Pyhton3
4. Vivado - Used in synthesis

## Make commands

#### all
    $make all
Compile necessary files using to create an executable program.

#### regression-tests
    $make regression-tests

Run all tests in tb/tests.

#### benchmark
	$make benchmark

Run all benchmarks in tb/tests. All benchmarks are from [riscv-tests](https://github.com/riscv/riscv-tests) repository and they are already compiled with minor modifications in source code.

#### performance
	$make performance

Compile all information in all ".performance_report" files into a file called dataframe.csv. You can use this file to check performance parameters when executing a program.


## Command line arguments

When compiled using verilator, a executable program is generated. Below are shown the different arguments the program has. You can use it as a simple simulator.

#### -v
Generate VCD file. No vcd file is generated by default.

#### +max-cycles=
Max number of cycles that the processor will run.

#### +loadmem=
Elf file to be loaded. This parameter must be passed.

Commit message:

Added -r and --report-output flags
Added new flags to control performance report generation.

README.md, after:

# ARVI
A simple single cycle RISC-V implementation in Verilog.

## Project now
The project is a single-cycle processor implementing RV32I[M][A] instruction set and a instruction cache. It also supports RISC-V's machine mode. The project also has a dual core mode (RV32A is necessary). Check rtl/arvi_defines.vh to see all different parameters ARVI use.

The project contains a Performance Profiler to profile each program execution and retrieve informations like how many instructions were issued, cache hits, and misses.

#### Features

1. Single Cycle RV32I[M][A].
2. Instruction cache.
3. Machine mode privilege level support.
4. Performance Profiler.

## Next steps
1. Build pipeline.
2. Implement a bus like Wishbone or AXI to communicate with other devices. At the moment only a simple bus is used.
3. Create FPGA Package.

## Project dependencies
1. verilator
2. riscv-fesvr
3. Pyhton3
4. Vivado - Used in synthesis

## Make commands

#### all
    $make all
Compile necessary files using to create an executable program.

#### regression-tests
    $make regression-tests

Run all tests in tb/tests.

#### benchmark
	$make benchmark

Run all benchmarks in tb/tests. All benchmarks are from [riscv-tests](https://github.com/riscv/riscv-tests) repository and they are already compiled with minor modifications in source code.

#### performance
	$make performance

Compile all information in all ".performance_report" files into a file called dataframe.csv. You can use this file to check performance parameters when executing a program.


## Command line arguments

When compiled using verilator, a executable program is generated. Below are shown the different arguments the program has. You can use it as a simple simulator.

#### -v
Generates a VCD file. No vcd file is generated by default.

#### -r
Generates a performance report of the executed program. The reports contains informations like number of cycles to run the entire program, and instructions executed per hart. No report is generated by default.

#### +max-cycles=
Max number of cycles that the processor will run.

#### +loadmem=
Elf file to be loaded. This parameter must be passed.

#### --report-output=
Specifies a path to the performance report. This flag must be used with -r flag.
